I said anyone can be said to be a labor prisoner
I don't have this qualification
You don't even know your so-called Chev
He can be cured
The world can't cure it
The vegetative person is Miss Qin
You yourself said that vegetative people cannot be cured
Why can he spirit?
You are afraid that he will be deceived.
Yes, Miss Qin
He is an old milk
I've never heard of any medical skills before.
Yes, Miss, this must have been a misunderstanding at the beginning
Vegetables can't be cured at all
Cancer is possible
It's impossible to be in a vegetative state
So you're saying I shouldn't wake up?
Hey, sister, don't be deceived.
The national doctor has said that
There is little hope that you will wake up
Even he has no way
Mingyue, why don't you kneel down soon?
Tell Miss Qin how you deceived her
You blame it
I can't eat
My dog is enough
Didn't Lin Yan save me?
Is that you?
Mr. Lin's medical skills are indeed good
But your marriage to Qin Yan
I don't agree with that.